abies => tree
acacia => tree
acer => tree
acerola => tree
adansonia => tree
aesculus => tree
afrocarpus => tree
agathis => tree
ailanthus => tree
akume => tree
albizia => tree
alerce => tree
alnus => tree
alupag => tree
amelanchier => tree
amentotaxus => tree
anacardium => tree
anise-tree => tree
araçá => tree
araucaria => tree
araza => tree
arborvitae => tree
arbutus => tree
archontophoenix => tree
ardisia => tree
arecaceae => tree
arenga => tree
argan => tree
argantree => tree
artocarpus => tree
asimina => tree
atemoya => tree
athrotaxis => tree
aveloz => tree
axlewood => tree
baccharis => tree
bactris => tree
bael => tree
baobab => tree
bauhinia => tree
bayahonda => tree
bayleaf => tree
beaucarnea => tree
beefwood => tree
betula => tree
bindinga => tree
blackhaw => tree
boab => tree
boaboa => tree
bombax => tree
borassus => tree
bottletree => tree
bourreria => tree
boxelder => tree
boxwood => tree
brachylaena => tree
brahea => tree
brazilwood => tree
breadnut => tree
bubinga => tree
bucida => tree
bunya-bunya => tree
bush => tree
butia => tree
butterfruit => tree
button-tree => tree
buttonbush => tree
buttonwood => tree
buxus => tree
byrsonima => tree
cacahuatl => tree
cacao => tree
caesalpinia => tree
cajeput => tree
callistemon => tree
calocedrus => tree
calophyllum => tree
calyptranthes => tree
canarywood => tree
candleberry => tree
candlewood => tree
caragana => tree
carpinus => tree
carya => tree
caryota => tree
cassia => tree
casuarina => tree
catalpa => tree
catawba => tree
catclaw => tree
caucasian-elm => tree
cecropia => tree
cedrela => tree
cedrus => tree
ceiba => tree
cephalotaxus => tree
cercis => tree
chaca => tree
chamaecyparis => tree
chasteberry => tree
chastetree => tree
cherimoya => tree
chinaberry => tree
chinquapin => tree
chionanthus => tree
chlorocardium => tree
cinnamomum => tree
cinnamonbark => tree
cinnamonwood => tree
cladrastis => tree
clusia => tree
coccothrinax => tree
coco => tree
cocoanut => tree
coffea => tree
coffee-tree => tree
colicwood => tree
combretum => tree
copal => tree
copernicia => tree
copey => tree
copperwood => tree
cordia => tree
cornus => tree
corozo => tree
corylus => tree
corymbia => tree
corypha => tree
cottonwood => tree
couroupita => tree
coyo => tree
coyote => tree
crataegus => tree
cupressus => tree
cussonia => tree
cyathea => tree
cypresses => tree
dacryodes => tree
dalbergia => tree
dammar => tree
dhau => tree
dhawa => tree
dhawra => tree
diospyros => tree
divi-divi => tree
dogwood => tree
douglas-fir => tree
dracaena => tree
drooling-nut => tree
drypetes => tree
durio => tree
elaeagnus => tree
elaeis => tree
erica => tree
eriobotrya => tree
erythrina => tree
essingang => tree
eucalyptus => tree
euodia => tree
euonymus => tree
euphorbia => tree
evodia => tree
fagus => tree
ficus => tree
fiddle-tree => tree
filbert => tree
firebell => tree
florida-boxwood => tree
fraxinus => tree
frijolito => tree
fringetree => tree
gamboge => tree
garcinia => tree
geigertree => tree
ghost-tree => tree
giant => tree
gleditsia => tree
goat-tree => tree
gommier => tree
gordonia => tree
greenheart => tree
guanandi => tree
guapinol => tree
guarumo => tree
guavasteen => tree
guayaba => tree
guibourtia => tree
gulmohar => tree
gumbo-limbo => tree
gumtree => tree
gutta-percha => tree
gymnanthes => tree
hackberry => tree
halesia => tree
hamamelis => tree
harpullia => tree
hazel => tree
hibiscus => tree
honeymyrtle => tree
hophornbeam => tree
huisache => tree
hyophorbe => tree
hyphaene => tree
icaco => tree
illicium => tree
ironwood => tree
jacaranda => tree
jatoba => tree
jatobá => tree
jicaro => tree
juniperus => tree
jurema => tree
kakaw => tree
kanooka => tree
kapok => tree
kevazingo => tree
khaya => tree
koelreuteria => tree
kokio => tree
kolea => tree
kōlea => tree
kosipo => tree
koyamaki => tree
kuripaka => tree
laburnum => tree
lagerstroemia => tree
lahuan => tree
laichi => tree
larches => tree
larix => tree
latania => tree
laurus => tree
leadtrees => tree
leatherwood => tree
lecythis => tree
leechee => tree
leechi => tree
leucaena => tree
licaria => tree
lichu => tree
licuala => tree
lime => tree
linden => tree
liquidambar => tree
litchi => tree
lithocarpus => tree
livistona => tree
lizhi => tree
lleuque => tree
loblolly-bay => tree
lophostemon => tree
loquat => tree
lumnitzera => tree
lychee => tree
lysiloma => tree
macacauba => tree
macaw-fat => tree
maga => tree
malpighia => tree
malus => tree
māmane => tree
mangifera => tree
manjack => tree
manzanillo => tree
matai => tree
maua => tree
maytenus => tree
melia => tree
menguilié => tree
merbatu => tree
meryta => tree
metopium => tree
milktree => tree
millettia => tree
mimosa => tree
monja => tree
moringa => tree
morus => tree
muhuhu => tree
mùmián => tree
musengera => tree
myoporum => tree
myrica => tree
myrobalan => tree
myrsine => tree
myrtle => tree
nectandra => tree
ngaio => tree
nimtree => tree
nothofagus => tree
nsafu => tree
nyssa => tree
oleaster => tree
olicuáhuitl => tree
oncosperma => tree
ostrya => tree
ovang => tree
pachypodium => tree
palaquium => tree
palmaceae => tree
palmae => tree
pamplemousse => tree
papaya => tree
paperbark => tree
parasoltree => tree
pau-brasil => tree
paulownia => tree
pawpaw => tree
peach-palm => tree
pehuén => tree
peltogyne => tree
pelú => tree
pepperwood => tree
periquiteira => tree
persea => tree
phoenix => tree
phytelephas => tree
picea => tree
pichkari => tree
pistache => tree
pistacia => tree
pitanga => tree
pitch-apple => tree
pithecellobium => tree
pitomba => tree
platanus => tree
plumeria => tree
podocarpus => tree
pohutukawa => tree
pomello => tree
pommelo => tree
populus => tree
possumhaw => tree
prickly-ash => tree
pritchardia => tree
prunus => tree
pseudotsuga => tree
pterocarpus => tree
pterocarya => tree
puka => tree
pukanui => tree
pummelo => tree
quercus => tree
radermachera => tree
ramin => tree
raphia => tree
rata => tree
redwoods => tree
rhizophora => tree
rhododendron => tree
rhus => tree
robinia => tree
rosemallow => tree
rosewood => tree
roughbush => tree
roystonea => tree
sabal => tree
safou => tree
sal => tree
salix => tree
saltbush => tree
sambucus => tree
sapele => tree
sapelli => tree
sappanwood => tree
saptrees => tree
sassafras => tree
satin-walnut => tree
satinash => tree
saxifras => tree
schaefferia => tree
schefflera => tree
schinus => tree
serviceberry => tree
shaddick => tree
she-oak => tree
shimbillo => tree
shorea => tree
sideroxylon => tree
silky-camellia => tree
silverbell => tree
silverberry => tree
silverling => tree
simal => tree
sipo => tree
sophora => tree
sorbus => tree
sourwood => tree
spindle => tree
spondias => tree
star-anise => tree
streblus => tree
sugar-apple => tree
sugi => tree
sumac => tree
swampbay => tree
swietenia => tree
syagrus => tree
sycamore => tree
syringa => tree
tabebuia => tree
talipalm => tree
talipariti => tree
tamarix => tree
tambalacoque => tree
tanbark-oak => tree
tanoak => tree
taxandria => tree
taxus => tree
teatree => tree
terebinth => tree
terminalia => tree
tetradium => tree
tetrazygia => tree
thespesia => tree
thevetia => tree
thrinax => tree
thuja => tree
thujas => tree
tiama => tree
ticodendron => tree
tilia => tree
toon => tree
toona => tree
toromiro => tree
toxicodendron => tree
trachycarpus => tree
trema => tree
trithrinax => tree
tsuga => tree
tuliptree => tree
tun => tree
twinberry => tree
tzumu => tree
ulmus => tree
vernicia => tree
viburnum => tree
vitex => tree
waka => tree
wannakai => tree
washingtonia => tree
water-elm => tree
waterwitels => tree
wellingtonia => tree
wheki-ponga => tree
whitewood => tree
wiliwili => tree
winterberry => tree
winterbloom => tree
xylosma => tree
yucca => tree
zanthoxylum => tree
zelkova => tree
zigba => tree
zombia => tree
